Oh, welcome to the Yahowah blog.
We're here in the Rainbow Studio.
We're going to return to our presentation
of appalling twistianity.
We're going to take a little different
approach on this morning's program and
that I'm going to refute Paul by quoting
God.
How about that?
The first citation will be from the
Nineteenth Mizmowr,
known to many of you as a psalm.
It reads as follows.
Yahowah's Towrah.
which would be teaching, instruction,
guidance, and directions, is complete,
lacking nothing, helpful, healing,
beneficial, and true, returning,
restoring, and transforming the soul.
Yahowah's testimony is trustworthy and
reliable,
making understanding and obtaining wisdom
possible.
simple for the open-minded Mizmowr song
psalm pretty hard to argue with that if
you have one
citation and we have many many many of
them that is clearly from God that is
in a book filled with prophecy and proof
that it was inspired by God and it
contradicts what men claiming to speak for
God said those men claiming to speak for
God lied and that is the reason we're
considering this because
Paul called the Towrah pornography.
He said that the purpose of his imaginary
Jesus Christ was to rip us away from
the terrible treatment we were receiving
under the Towrah and to replace that old,
terrible,
abusive system with his new gospel of
grace.
It was all pathetic.
It was a disgusting lie.
And this is just one of many statements
that prove it.
Let me read that again.
Yahowah's Towrah,
his guidance and teaching is complete,
lacking nothing, helpful, healing,
beneficial and true, returning,
restoring and transforming the soul.
By the way,
that's all you ought to care about.
Your body is meaningless.
It's disposable, but not your soul.
That's the reason why the whole Christian
idea of their God being a man is
so absurd of men killing God and of
the solution being bodily resurrected.
I mean,
it's three strikes of the stupid stick.
Your body is meaningless.
You can't get off this planet with a
body.
Oh,
you can go visit the moon for a
few days, but that's about it.
You're never going anywhere with a body.
God does not have a body.
Body of God,
wasn't killed.
A body of God wasn't resurrected.
It's absurd.
It's all about the soul.
And your soul is either transformed such
that it's enveloped with light energy,
replacing your physical body such that you
can enter God's presence and leave the
confines of three day and enter the
fourth, fifth,
sixth and seventh dimensions or you're
Just simply going to die,
your soul will dissipate into nothing and
your body will rot.
Those are your choices.
And therefore,
Yahowah's testimony is trustworthy and
reliable,
making understanding and obtaining wisdom
simple for the open-minded.
Now, the following proverb, the...
This same Towrah is called Towb, good.
And that means according to God,
the good news and his Towrah are
synonymous.
And that would make Paul's claims
preposterous.
Consistently listen, children,
to the correct and disciplined
instruction, muwsar.
of the Father, Ab,
and pay attention so as to know and
appreciate, yada,
understanding and discernment,
making the proper connections to
comprehend.
For indeed, such teaching and learning,
instruction and direction are good,
beneficial and helpful.
For this reason,
I have given you my Towrah,
You should not forsake, neglect,
or reject it.
'al 'azab, Mashal, Word Pictures,
Proverbs four, one and two.
That's it, folks.
You can't plaster a New Testament on top
of what you're calling an Old Testament
when your New Testament contradicts and
condemns everything that came before.
You wanna create a God forsaken religion,
be my guest, I don't care.
But if your God forsaken piece of crap
religion is going to claim the inspiration
of the God that it contradicts,
then I've got a dog in that fight.
And I'm disgusted by the likes of Peter
and Paul, Luke and Mark,
and all the nonsense that they,
proposed that is so reprehensible and all
of the souls that have been led astray
by this trash.
I mean,
think about what God just said here.
The Mashal, the Proverbs are inspired.
Consistently listen, children,
to the correct and disciplining
instructions of the Father.
and pay attention so as to know and
appreciate , understand,
coming to comprehension by making the
proper connections ,
for indeed such teaching and learning
instruction and direction are good,
they're beneficial, they're helpful ,
proper, prosperous, favorable, pleasing,
enjoyable, valuable, and healing.
For this reason,
I have given you my Towrah, my teaching,
my guidance, my instruction,
and my directions.
You should not forsake, neglect,
or reject it.
But Paul's first sentence in his first
letter,
the very first sentence written in
Christianity,
says that the whole purpose of his
imaginary Iesou Christou, Jesus Christ,
was to tear you away from the Towrah.
And God says, don't ever forsake it.
Don't ever neglect it.
Don't ever reject it.
Somebody was lying.
Who do you suppose was lying?
Yahowah or Paul?
Tough call, huh?
So why are there...
Two point five billion Christians who
believe that Paul was telling the truth
and that God was lying.
Dowd's magnificent hundred and nineteenth
Psalm is a composition of inspiring and
beautiful lyrics.
It is an ode to the Towrah with
twenty two stanzas presented in
alphabetical order celebrating the letters
which comprise.
Yeah, it was guidance.
There are twenty two letters in the Hebrew
alphabet.
seventeen consonants and five vowels Down
wrote the hundred and nineteenth psalm to
present the merits of the terror Towrah in
alphabetical order beginning with aleph and
then beyth and going all the way through
the Hebrew alphabet all twenty two letters
in alphabetical order so that we might
understand the Towrah he wrote
You have actively engaged and accomplished
good, beneficial,
and generous things with and through your
associate and coworker.
Oh,
then who would be Yahowah's associate and
coworker?
Couldn't be Jesus, could it?
Because guess who wrote this?
Dowd.
So the great things, the good,
beneficial things that God enabled Yahowah
were with and in association with his
coworker.
So you have actually and actively engaged
and accomplished good, beneficial,
and generous things,
that which is productive,
with and through your associate and
coworker, Yahowah,
in accordance with your word.
By the way,
the word of God at the time was
comprised of the Towrah.
There may well have been available to him
the book of Shaphat Judges and likely the
recordings of Yahowsha Ben Nun.
And he was receiving the updates that are
now presented and lived his life in the
midst of what is now recorded in the
books of Shamuw’el.
But that was it.
That was the word of God.
And the word of God,
the centerpiece of it is the Towrah.
The good and positive aspects associated
with exercising good judgment,
the whole process of informed and rational
decision-making, ta'am,
leading to understanding based upon the
knowledge, da'ath,
teaches me so that I will benefit by
choosing to respond appropriately.
towb is good, that which is positive,
productive, beneficial.
healing, beautiful, agreeable, pleasing.
Good judgment as a result of informed
rational decision-making is from ta'am.
understanding,
imperial knowledge is based upon da'ath.
Have you ever heard that word before?
Yeah, da'ath.
Da'ath is introduced to us in the Towrah
in conjunction with one of the two trees.
It is the Ets Da'ath.
It's the tree of knowledge.
And da'ath is represented to us as one
of the seven spirits of the Choter.
The Choter is also presented as a tree.
The limb of a tree is what Choter
means,
and it's described as an observant branch,
a netser.
We are told that its roots are deeply
established and that it is fruitful and
productive.
And the Etsah,
the tree providing comprehensive counsel
of Da'ath,
are two of the seven spirits afforded the
Choter.
And so,
Dowd is expressing here what he has
learned from that very tree of knowledge.
Teaches me so that I will benefit by
choosing to respond appropriately.
Dowd is crediting the Tree of Knowledge
for his growth from really a horrible and
desperate position that was sex and wine
fueled at the low point of his life,
but recovered as a result of the
intervention in his life by the Tree of
Knowledge.
Indeed,
in the terms and conditions of your
covenant agreement, your Mitswah,
I completely trust and totally rely
because they are verifiable and enduring.
This was
Mizmowr, one nineteen sixty five.
I was the first.
to actually detail and enumerate the five
conditions of the covenant.
There are five,
and there are five benefits of the
covenant.
Not surprisingly,
five is the number of fingers on our
hand,
and not surprisingly that there are five
hands in Yahowah's name.
So let's go through them.
The first condition of the covenant
is that we disassociate from religion and
politics.
The condition is to walk away from Babel,
from the family of man,
from the culture of civilizations.
Babylon was the birthplace of the
integration of religion and politics to
control and fleece people.
And as a result, God says,
for us to be involved in a relationship
together,
the very first thing you must do
is to walk away from Babel.
This commingling, that's what Babel means,
commingling of truth and lies,
of religion and politics,
all designed to confuse.
You'll note that Yahowah did not address
Abraham at the time, or Sarah,
prior to them leaving Babel.
And the same thing is true for the
rest of us.
God is not going to reach out to
you, introduce himself to you,
or commence a relationship with you,
choose to be with you until you first
reject religion.
Look at Moshe.
Where was he?
He was raised in the most religious and
political culture of the day.
in Mitsraym in Egypt he rejected it he
stand stood up against it and he loved
it and it was
all the way around the base of Mount
Choreb in Arabia,
all the way across the Sinai,
away from Egypt,
that Yahowah introduced himself to Moshe.
And he could not have done so until
Moshe had distanced himself from religion.
Look at even Dowd, the chosen one,
the very son of God.
He did not find Dowd with his father
and mother.
They weren't hanging around with them.
No, he walked away.
He was not part of that community of
Israelis that had become like Gowym and
their veneration of Sha'uwl as king.
Nope.
He was apart from all of that,
hanging around in Bethlehem,
tending sheep at eight years old all by
himself.
His father was a creep.
His mother is unknown.
So it's a pretty interesting instruction,
isn't it?
God followed through on it.
He's consistent with it.
When we first met,
at least in this life,
I had rejected religion and politics.
It is a prerequisite.
The second,
God asks us to walk to him so
that he can perfect us.
And I'm always cringe a little when I
say this perfect us.
It's it's really more so that he can
complete us so that he can.
remove, completely remove our guilt.
And the way that he goes about doing
that is he had his beloved son, Dowd,
fulfill Matsah after Pesach,
carrying our guilt into Sheowl to deposit
it there, never to be seen again.
And in that process of carrying our guilt
into Sheowl,
we are
completely clean from God's point of view
and therefore totally innocent.
And so God is asking us to allow
him to perfect us.
Now, this is participatory.
We must come to embrace not only this
condition of the covenant,
but also answer the invitation of Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym where this takes place.
And to do that knowledgeably,
beneficially, we must know what Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym represent,
how they were fulfilled and how we go
about capitalizing upon them and for that
knowledge this seven-step path that Yahowah
introduced for us to be part of his
family it was showcased in Mitsraym with
the first passover uh causing the door to
life to be opened and the
The children of Yisrael, however,
did not leave Mitsraym, Egypt,
on that day.
No, they left on Matsah,
separating themselves from the imposition
of religion and politics.
And so we must understand how these two
days work together.
And we must appreciate the fact that in
rabbinic Judaism,
they have completely eliminated Matsah and
they've turned Passover into a seven-day
holiday.
God's view is entirely different.
From God's point of view, the celebration,
the chag,
is Matsah.
And Passover just happens to be the first
day of Chag Matsah,
with firstborn children being the third.
So if you're going to be part of
God's family,
you need to walk to Him in a
manner that enables Him to completely free
you from your guilt.
And this occurs during the celebration of
Chag Matsah, which Dowd,
as the Chosen One,
as the Son of God, as our Messiah,
fulfilled in his second of three lives
when he took our guilt away from us
and deposited it in Sheowl,
which is akin to a black hole so
that it is never seen again.
Yahowah then asks us to totally trust and
rely upon him.
Now, to do that,
you have to know him.
You need to know what he is offering,
what he expects in return.
You have to know his name.
You have to know his instructions.
You must know his teaching, his guidance.
And you must also let go of the
other remedies that man has foisted in
competition with God.
for human protection.
It's actually for control,
religion and politics.
So rather than trusting your military,
rather than trusting your government,
rather than trusting your political party,
rather than trusting your religion,
you have to stop trusting them and trust
and rely entirely on Yahowah,
which can only be done once you know
who he is and have an appreciation for
what he is offering and asking in return.
If you want to know those things,
I would encourage you to go to YadaYah.com
and begin with the first book,
An Introduction to God,
and read through the thirty-five books
that are presented there for your
edification.
The fourth condition of the covenant is to
observe,
closely examining and carefully
considering these very terms and
conditions I'm sharing with you,
and understand how they are integrated
into the fulfillment.
of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
of which there are seven, Pesach, Matsah,
Bikuwrym, Shabuwah, which is upcoming,
Taruwah,
which will be the first of the three
celebrated in year six thousand,
just seven years from now, Taruwah,
Kipurym,
and Sukah were on
On Yowm Kipurym, Yahowah returns with Dowd,
the Messiah and King.
And on Sukah,
we re-enter the Garden of Eden and have
a thousand years to demonstrate that we
can be trustworthy and reliable in God's
sight.
So this is the nature of those things.
Mitswah,
terms and conditions of the covenant.
And lastly,
Yahowah says as a sign of the covenant,
it's important that we as parents
circumcise our sons on the eighth day.
So we and they remember.
And that is the sign of the covenant.
God also will go as far as to
say that if you're not circumcised,
you cannot participate in Passover.
If you can't participate in Passover,
none of the rest of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey
makes any difference to you because, well,
that's the doorway that you begin.
And unless you go through that doorway,
there is no opportunity to benefit from
Matsah or Bikuwrym or Shabuwah, Taruwah,
or Kipurym or Sukah.
So you must begin at that place and
you cannot begin at that place if you
are not circumcised.
And for women that are wondering, well,
what's my requirement?
It's to raise your sons to be and
daughters to be part of the covenant,
to remember it by doing this.
So.
Here we are.
Indeed,
the terms and conditions of your covenant
agreement,
I completely trust and totally rely.
They are verifiable and enduring.
And I have shared them with you.
You can read,
there's three volumes of Yada Yada that
are devoted to the covenant.
And
You are welcome to read them, study them,
benefit from them.
They're at YadaYah.com.
They're all free.
They're page turners, PDFs,
and you can buy them royalty free at
amazon.com.
All available to you.
This goes on to say,
prior to the time that I responded and
answered this invitation,
before I was thoughtful and spoke
truthfully and composed these songs,
I was preoccupied and unintentionally
erred.
I inadequately wondered aimlessly without
deliberation and
without the intent to mislead,
and unwittingly deceived,
and therefore I placed my faith in
mistaken options.
Well,
that may be just a bit of a
softening of what he did, but we'll say,
okay,
we're glad that you recognize that before
the intervention here and that you were...
kind of read the riot act,
if you will,
before you were confronted very directly
by someone with
With the knowledge of Yahowah and of what
He was offering and expected in return and
who you, Dowd, are in this regard,
before you fully responded to that
invitation, anah, well,
you did more than unintentionally err,
but it's all bygones now.
We can learn from them.
You recovered and that's a very good
thing.
He goes on to say,
but now at this point in time,
literally keep my eyes focused upon,
carefully observing, closely examining,
and diligently exploring your word,
your instructions, and your promise.
'imrah
That would be Mizmowr,
one nineteen sixty six.
You are good.
You're towb, generous, pleasing, enjoyable,
infested, beautiful,
and pleasant to be around, Yahowah.
Boy,
that's a far cry from where he was
in the fifty-first Mizmowr, isn't it?
Our son has grown up to be a
man.
and are doing what is good and beneficial
by helping me learn,
becoming better acquainted while teaching
me how to properly respond to your clearly
communicated prescriptions of what I
should do to share life with you.
Once again, it has become apparent to me,
and we've been speaking of this in our
upstairs library studio as we develop the
last word picture,
that most of the Mizmowr that Dowd wrote,
he wrote late in his life, after he...
fell precipitously and was lifted back up
by being taught clearly and unambiguously
by a surrogate mother and father who
shared with him exactly who he was,
what he represents,
what he would accomplish,
and what Yahowah was trying to achieve with
him such that he changed his attitude.
Prior to that time, Dowd became Yisrael,
repugnant,
argumentative,
blaming everyone but themselves,
including God, and lashing out at God.
And in fact, the fifty first Mizmowr,
which conveys this, though,
did the same thing that Israel has done,
erased God's name,
wouldn't even say it at the time.
And so it is a metaphor for everything
that I
that Israel had become.
But as there was recovery for Dowd,
as you can hear in these words,
so is there recovery for Israel.
And as it would transpire,
the same person who taught Dowd
what he needed to know to capitalize upon
to resolve his issue and to become better
acquainted, taught,
to properly respond to God's clearly
communicated prescriptions in life,
is the same person who will lay down
his life to resolve the same problem with
the mortal remnant of Yisrael just seven
years from now.
God starts with a plan,
picks the characters in his story,
and he sticks with them.
The infamous, self-motivated,
and presumptuous liars they mislead.
They deceive with their speeches,
promoting worthless beliefs,
smearing and slandering me with
misinformation.
These scribes conceal what I have said by
plastering over me with their message.
Well,
there's three religions that are all based
to either a
a tremendous extent, a great extent,
or some extent on doing this very thing.
The religion that was actually codified
first among those three Abrahamic
religions would be Christianity.
You see,
Judaism as we know it today didn't exist
until Rabbi Akiba founded it in the second
century.
Christianity was created by Paul in the
first century,
beginning with his letter to the
Galatians.
And it is Paul who claims that David,
Dowd,
was dead and buried and therefore excluded
from heaven and as a result that it
was appropriate to steal all of the titles
and accolades and achievements of Down and
slather them onto his
caricature of Jesus Christ,
someone who never actually existed.
And so that is what he is speaking
against.
But rather than refuting that by citing
things like Mizmowr
One-Nineteen-Sixty-Eight to refute the new
religion of Christianity and its
misappropriation of those titles and
achievements,
Rabbi Akiba foisted another false messiah
on the Jewish people,
fighting one lie with another lie,
and caused the diaspora,
caused the renaming of the land to be
Philistia,
creating the problem that they're fighting
today twofold over.
And so the father of Judaism became a
great deceiver,
trying to deceive to take attention away
from Paul's deception.
and in the end it created this horrendous
mess.
And a reason I also mentioned Islam is
if it wasn't for the Talmud that the
rabbis began to write and then share with
Muhammad, Islam would not exist.
Islam ultimately became a religion because
Muhammad bought Talmud readings from
rabbis,
twisted them to serve his situation,
and created a religious veneer for the
Quran that it would not otherwise have
had.
And so that is what...
is being said here that the infamous
self-motivated and presumptuous,
they're liars, they mislead,
they promote worthless beliefs,
smearing and slandering me with
misinformation.
These scribes conceal what I have said,
plastering over me with their message.
This would not occur for another thousand
years after Dowd wrote this Mizmowr.
And so for him to know this,
Then the person who was teaching him about
his special role with God told him what
he was going to accomplish and how his
people would twist what he achieved so
that he could speak about it and the
Jewish people would be forewarned that
this would occur.
He is announcing the birth of Christianity
and Judaism.
I, with all my heart, intent,
personal commitment and sense of purpose,
myself will engage to save,
to protect and to preserve,
sparing by branching out while observing
your precepts,
These instructions which you have
entrusted to us,
encouraging us to pay close attention to
and to examine for guidance so that we
might respond appropriately to you.
These are Natsar leading to piquwdym,
Mizmowr, one nineteen sixty nine.
Their hearts in judgment are calloused.
Oh, boys,
not this state of Israel and shameful,
ignorant and irrational,
irresponsive and gross.
That'd be true of everyone who is overtly
political and religious and
And many or both look at the Magas.
Some are one, look at the Marxists.
Others are, you know,
various blends of these things.
Some are Jews, some are not.
But the fact is that Jews have become
the most universally political and or
religious people on earth.
And as a result,
their judgment is callous, it's shameful,
it's ignorance, irrational,
unresponsive and gross.
similar to lipid tissue,
both fat and scummy.
I myself, he says,
delight and show total enjoyment forever,
anointed and bound to your teaching and
guidance, your Towrah.
Mizmowr, one, nineteen seventy.
So Dowd told us the truth boldly and
without equivocation.
So why would anyone in their right mind
accept Paul's word over the Messiah's
testimony?
Wouldn't that be stupid?
He just said that he is our savior
and that this result was enabled through
the Towrah,
which is the opposite of what Paul
claimed.
While at the same time,
the declared son of God warned us about
Sha'uwl with no uncertain terms,
as well as against Akiba.
He went on in this same marvelous psalm,
this Mizmowr, one-nineteen,
seventy-one to say,
It is good and beneficial for me that
indeed you responded,
providing your testimony and your answers,
Anah.
for the purpose of teaching me how to
properly respond to your engraved and
clearly communicated prescriptions of what
I should do to be cut into this
relationship.
Choke.
Yahowah and Dowd.
were not on speaking terms from sometime
around the moment where Dowd was bringing
the Ark of the Covenant into Jerusalem and
had a tizzy fit over how God intervened
in the process and killed the man who
tried to manipulate the
picture that God was conveying of having
the bull carry the Ark of the Covenant
into Jerusalem.
And so they began a timeout.
And Obed-Edom was inserted at that time to
explain to Doug what he had missed.
And unfortunately,
he didn't listen initially.
And it became worse because we go through
that period and we find ourselves in
second Samuel after passing through second
Samuel six and seven,
which are very interesting and also
glorious stories,
troublesome stories with a marvelous
rendition and ending.
enter a troubled time and that troubled
time culminates in disaster as is
presented in second Samuel eleven and
twelve that the darkest moment in the
whole human experience from god's point of
view and so after that we have um
Down's daughter being raped by his son
Down's third son Absalon killing his
firstborn over it
We have then Absalom usurping Dowd's
authority by making all manner of claims
on his behalf and against his father.
And then a coup.
that most Israel sided against Dowd and he
was run out of town.
And it's just a mess.
And this was all precipitated by Dowd
becoming a terrible king, terrible father,
terrible husband, terrible example.
when he decided that he would covet
another woman when he already had, well,
at least a twenty some odd so that
he had a different woman for breakfast,
lunch and dinner seven days a week is
where he was and decided,
I got to have one more.
And that one was another man's wife.
And he had that man killed.
And then rather than own up to it,
he doubled down and attacked God over it.
Really despicable.
And then it's when God reengaged,
not speaking directly to him.
He was still speaking through Nathan.
He judged him.
He rebuked him via Nathan.
God and Dowd weren't speaking.
For this to occur, Dowd's inspired again.
He's back communicating,
at least in a spiritual level,
with Yahowah.
And that only occurred because of this
intervention.
And he is saying, I'm grateful, Yahowah,
that you responded,
providing your testimony and answers,
Anah.
And we're just now coming to an
appreciation of how that occurred with the
man who co-authored the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr with Yahowah,
delivering it to him at this time.
And so he provided the teaching on how
to properly respond to God's engraved
inscriptions, uh, for, um,
what we should do in life to live
the Towrah.
He concluded it's teaching instruction,
directed and guidance of your mouth is
better and more prosperous for me than
thousands of gold and silver coins.
Psalm one-nineteen,
I shared with you sixty-five through
seventy-two.
And that David is speaking to and on
behalf of Yahowah and his Towrah.
His insights and perspective regarding
both are relative to,
relevant to this discussion, are they not?
It is little wonder that Yahowah anointed
him the Mashyach.
and refers to him as his beloved son.
In the twenty-fifth Psalm,
we find him saying,
and this is important too,
the rebellious guilt of my youth.
Well, I'll have to look up na'uwrym.
because when Doe did the dastardly deed,
he stooped to the lowest point in his
life.
He was fifty six years old.
Now,
is that a young man by the standards
of he gets three lives and he is
now at the very least three thousand years
old?
If he was first introduced to us three
thousand years ago,
he's at least three thousand years old.
I can't tell you on that one,
but I can tell you that he had
a little issue with rebellion.
Just a touch of my youth.
And rebellion,
do not remember as your love and mercy
for me is recalled and memorialized.
Well, let's just be clear here.
At this point in time,
God not only didn't forget,
he memorialized it.
It's there for all of us to read
in Samuel,
particularly the episode where he had a
conniption fit over, yes,
handling the moving of the Ark of the
Covenant.
And then how God responded so negatively
to him over the Bathsheba affair.
So the details of all that is known.
Dowd's response in his letter that he had
the light of Yah, Uriah,
carry to Yoab so that he would be
assassinated is gruesome.
And then his ongoing response
vitriol against God in the Fifty-First
Mizmowr is such that, no, it's known.
Now, the question really is,
since Dowd not only manned up and he
learned the lesson so that he...
rose after having stumbled,
which is the key thing that God was
interested in.
God's not interested in us being perfect.
That would be a waste of time.
We'd have no interest to him.
There would be no benefit for anyone if
we were perfect.
What God is interested in is us completing
the job.
And the job is to listen to him,
to be thoughtful regarding what he says,
to respond to him,
and to see it through.
not to give up,
to show that we're dependable,
we're reliable,
particularly if we're mistaken,
that when we learn something new,
that we correct what we've said that is
wrong and learn from it and move on
and we stumble and fall,
we get back up and get going wiser,
stronger, and more experienced for it.
So that is a lesson God wants us
to know,
and that's a lesson that his son, Dowd,
learned the hard way.
So it's not to be forgotten.
It's to be understood.
Now, Yahowah, two thousand years ago,
arranged for Dowd to carry his guilt and
ours into Sheowl together.
And it was deposited there,
never to be seen again from God's point
of view.
That doesn't mean that we don't know it.
And how long we're going to know it,
I don't know the answer to that.
But I know that it's important for us
to know it now,
and God didn't hide it.
So the rebellious guilt of my youth,
the rebellion, do not remember,
which is true if you're talking about
God's perspective on it after he has
carried it into Sheowl.
as your love and mercy for me is
recalled and memorialized on account of
your goodness and productive purpose,
Yahowah.
Yahowah's productive purpose and goodness,
towb,
carried out through Dowd is the
fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
The fact that Dowd did these things,
I'm convinced,
is the single greatest discovery in human
history.
Right next to that is the realization of
how Dowd
finally earned the trust of Yahowah such
that God allowed his son to perform in
this way.
He says, this was twenty five seven,
as the psalm reads, Yahowah, the most high,
is good and
always right, completely correct,
and consistently straightforward, Yashar.
Therefore,
he is the source of teaching and
instruction,
and he guides and directs Yarah,
the guilty,
the Chata' who have missed the way,
with the way, ba ha Derek.
Mizmowr
twenty-five, eight.
Yarah is a rather key term here.
Do you know why?
It's the verbal root of Towrah.
That's why it means source of teaching and
instruction, guidance and direction.
Yarah, according to Yahowah,
probably knows since he inspired the
Towrah,
told us explicitly that Yarah is the
actionable root of Towrah.
Now, since Yarah means source of teaching,
instruction, guidance and direction,
the Towrah cannot be law.
To present it as law is to be
ignorant.
It's to be irrational.
It's to be stupid.
It is to anger God.
So anytime you hear in a religious text,
a religious context, or even secular one,
that the Towrah is law,
You know you're listening to somebody
who's not only irritating God,
but lying to all who are listening.
Towrah is based on Yarah.
Of that, there is no debate.
He enables the way of the unpretentious
and sincere who respond and actively
engage.
You know, I wrote that translation.
Ten, twelve years ago,
I wouldn't render it that way.
And by the way,
that is something that is quite different
in these programs and anybody else you're
ever going to listen to.
If you're listening to somebody who's
preaching to you about God.
They're reading the King James Version or
the New Living Translation or the New
American Standard Bible or the New
International Version.
They're reading from somebody else's
really crappy, errant translation.
I'm not.
I did my own.
And not only did my own,
I share them with you.
And I provide for you an amplified version
of every word that I've translated,
and I've corrected them all to the Dead
Sea Scrolls.
So if there's a difference in the
Masoretic and the Dead Sea Scrolls,
I share with you what the Dead Sea
Scrolls says,
correcting the Masoretic text.
More than that, I scrub every single word
of its religiosity by removing the
diacritical markings and look what the
letters themselves say.
And when I'm given the opportunity,
as I'm going to share with you right
now with anaw,
I go to the verbal root.
Anaw with a wah as the end is
from the verbal root anah.
Anah with a hey as the end is
one of the most important and repeated of
all Hebrew verbs.
It has a very simple meaning.
Answer, respond, reply.
So this says that God enables the way
of those who respond, of those who answer,
of those who reply to him.
Now,
is there anything that's specifically
important that you would respond to?
Well,
the previous thing was the verbal route.
of Towrah, wasn't it?
God's teaching and instruction.
That's a good start.
How about the fact that God has seven
annual invitations, Miqra'ey,
in the plural Miqra'ey,
for you to respond to and reply?
When somebody gives you an invitation to a
party, what do you do?
Do you throw it away?
Do you ignore it?
Do you trash it?
Or do you respond one way or the
other?
I'm going to attend.
I'm not going to attend.
These invitations, the seven of them,
Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym, Shabuwah, Taruwah,
Kipurym, and Sukah,
they're invitations to meet with God.
And yet fewer than one in a million
people answer them in accordance with
God's invitation.
And that's enough.
God enables the way through his Towrah
guidance of those who respond to him.
With this means to exercise good judgment,
to achieve justice by resolving disputes.
I explained Mitswah momentarily.
This is Mishpat.
Mishpat not tough.
Just Mitswah and Mishpat are exceedingly
easy words to render.
Mishpat is based upon Shaphat,
and Shaphat is the Hebrew word to judge,
to decide,
to render a rational conclusion from the
evidence.
Mitswah is from Sarah,
which means to instruct.
The addition of the M either as a
my or ma sound before Shaphat or tsawah
means I want you to ponder the
implications.
It's an interrogatory.
And it says,
you should ponder the implications.
You should question,
you should think about,
you should want to know the answers.
pursuant to exercising good judgment,
pursuant to the instructions and
directions that God has provided.
These are not religious terms.
They're very specific,
thoughtful things that you can process in
your mind when you know what the words
say.
He provides the information to teach
Lamad.
God wants to teach us.
Now,
At least he wants to teach those who,
anah, respond to his way.
There is this mythos that exists among a
bunch of misguided people that if someone
like Dowd is speaking for God,
it's because God did a data dump.
He just gave him all the words.
Every word that Dowd said would be true.
Perfect, true.
Not the case.
It wasn't even the case with Moshe.
This isn't the case with anybody.
God does not do data dumps.
He does learning.
He does teaching.
He gives us the information that we need
to observe, to consider,
and to engage with such that we can
process it, come to know,
come to understand,
and then decide based upon the evidence.
He teaches.
And the process of teaching,
and maybe some of you are either grown
up in the Gen Z era,
or you're so old like me.
Well,
I'm at least five thousand years old,
so I'm pretty old.
I'm actually not kidding here.
You don't remember the process.
So let me just explain it to you.
You started in kindergarten and then you
went to first grade and second grade.
And you may have ended with a college
education or even graduate school.
You may have written like I have,
the thirty five dissertations.
But the fact of the matter is you
didn't study trigonometry in first grade.
You didn't learn the rules of logic and
rhetoric, well, at all, if you're Gen Z,
because they don't teach them anymore.
But you would have learned them a lifetime
ago if you're a seasoned citizen.
But the fact is, you don't start there.
You start with Dick and Jane, right?
You don't start with Shakespeare.
something that is sophisticated and
thought-provoking because you don't have
the capacity to process it.
You have to have a foundation.
You start in math with...
Just knowing,
recognizing the numbers and then
understanding the correlation between
numbers and then being able to add them.
And then you learn how to subtract them.
Then you learn how to multiply them.
Then you learn how to divide them.
And then you learn how to correlate
various mathematical equations or shapes
or concepts around them.
You have to begin with a foundation.
That's how teaching works.
It's something that takes time.
It's a disciplined process.
You have to engage in it or it
does you no good whatsoever.
And the only ones that God's teaching will
benefit are those who are anah,
responsive.
All of the mannerisms and conduct of
Yahowah are merciful and beyond reproach,
just said.
They show favoritism, by the way,
would be another word for that.
And they are trustworthy and reliable.
They're a myth because God has integrity.
For those who are preserved by Natsar,
those saved by,
his family-oriented covenant relationship,
his Beryth,
That would be a problem for the religious
and Judaism.
You, for there is no salvation in Judaism,
but even when they feign it,
is it ever based upon the breath?
They say, well, you're,
you're accepted the five conditions of the
breath and you've done everything that God
instructed.
So therefore you're saved.
They ever say that never.
Is there anything in Christianity that
says, well, um,
Salvation, according to the Psalms,
this is a Mizmowr,
comes by way of the covenant relationship.
No.
They never say anything about the
covenant.
Never.
In fact, they, well, they do.
They replace it.
Paul said in Galatians that the Towrah's
covenant was with Hagar,
and therefore it enslaved,
which is why he replaced it.
So he says that the covenant condemns and
enslaves and that he came up with his
own to replace God's because he's smarter
than God, I guess.
Truth.
Now, salvation comes from the covenant.
If you are not part of the covenant,
you have no hope of salvation and you
can't be part of the covenant without
meeting its five terms and conditions.
I shared with you those terms and
conditions.
If you are religious,
you are not part of the covenant.
because the first condition,
a prerequisite of the covenant,
five fingers,
but one's in opposition to the others.
It is the prerequisite, the first of them.
You must walk away from religion and
politics,
from the commingling of truth and lies
that confound so many before you can even
begin this process.
You are only preserved, you're only saved,
Natsar, if you are part of the covenant.
Period.
End of conversation.
And you can't be part of the covenant
without following each of those five
edicts,
and you can't follow them unless you
understand them.
I mean,
how do you know that God is anti-religious
unless you know his overall position,
that God...
Number one theme,
the single most common theme throughout
the Towrah and prophets is not God saying,
this is who I am and what I'm
offering.
It's God saying, this is not me.
And if you are religious,
you're upsetting me.
You're distancing yourself from me.
It's a condemnation of religion is the
number one thing.
It's the number one theme throughout the
Exodus.
Number one theme in the Towrah.
Number one theme in the prophets.
Right.
First ten chapters of Yashayah,
the great prophet,
is all hammering and condemning religion
and politics.
All of it.
So you can't be part of the covenant
while you're religious and political.
That's why I speak out so vehemently
against religion and politics.
It is impossible for you to be saved
without being part of the covenant.
And if you are part of the covenant,
you have disassociated from religion and
politics.
You can't even sniff it until you do.
which is why we have to condemn it.
And the next two terms of the covenant
require you to walk to God along the
path that he has provided to remove,
totally remove your religious and
political corruption, your guilt,
and to trust God in this process.
So until you have done that,
Become observant regarding these
conditions.
You can't be covenant,
and until you're covenant,
you can't be saved.
Simple.
So all the mannerisms and conduct of
Yahowah are merciful and beyond reproach,
and they are trustworthy and reliable for
those who are preserved by his covenant
and his enduring witness and restoring
testimony, Edah.
Pretty straightforward.
Absolutely straightforward.
God's only merciful.
He is only loving.
He only shows favoritism for those who
trust his presentation of and are
preserved and saved by his bereft
covenant.
Period.
He doesn't love everybody.
He's not merciful to everybody.
He is only merciful to those who trust
and rely on
upon the conditions of and the benefits of
the Beryth,
as they are reliably and dependably
presented in the Towrah,
and by his enduring and restoring witness
and testimony.
Do you know that God designates two
restoring witnesses?
to convey his eternal testimony.
And while you don't have to know who
they are to benefit from his covenant,
you would be hugely benefited if you do,
because God has provided well over a
thousand evidences of who they are.
exactly who they are.
And the reason he does this is because
God's very clear.
When Miriam, Moshe's sister,
came up to him with Aaron and said,
we too speak for God.
First of all, we dislike your wife.
And now we're spreading all sorts of lies
about her, by the way.
And as a result,
we too speak for God.
So God intervened at that point.
And he says, no, you don't.
When somebody speaks for me like Moshe,
there's a reason that I've chosen him.
And the reason for Moshe was, nah, nah,
he was responsive.
But what he says is they know it
and you know it.
I make it absolutely clear.
God has made it absolutely clear who his
edah are.
And the reason he makes that clear is
if he's speaking through someone,
you ought to listen.
You ought not speak over them.
You ought not condemn them.
You ought not criticize them.
You ought to listen.
He makes that exceedingly clear.
You ought to look up,
try to figure out who the Nakar is.
Sometimes it's presented as Nakry,
which would mean my Nakar.
It's an observant foreigner.
Who the Choter is means a branch from
the fallen tree that once represented
Israel.
You ought to figure out who these people
are.
You know,
Christianity is a religion that grew out
of a non-prophecy.
There is no prophecy of a returning
Messiah.
None.
It's the same thing with Judaism.
It doesn't exist.
God acknowledged who his Messiah is.
His Messiah spoke to us and told us
what he was going to achieve.
In fact,
I happened to have been there at the
time, 555 BCE.
We went into Babylon to speak to Daniel.
It was a real jerk,
but he was at least literate.
And and so he would write it down.
He was a Gabriel.
I was Michael,
one who was right about God,
one who is courageous and capable as God's
man.
We were there,
we said exactly what was going to happen.
We did not tell you to hang around
looking for a returning Messiah.
We told you the exact date that Chag
Matsah would be fulfilled in thirty three
CE,
the exact moment in your four thousand
YAH.
And then what would happen after that and
what would happen before that and what the
purpose was.
But you weren't listening.
What there is, however, is copious
prophetic presentations about the arrival
beginning in the Towrah itself about the
Nakar.
And rather than just a single one line,
by the way,
it's not even recalled in the Dead Sea
Scrolls, but one line in Daniel,
there's a whole chapter of Dabarym on the
Nakar.
It's the culmination of the speech,
which is the real Sermon on the Mount
that Solomon gave at the commencement of
the house for Yahowah's name on Taruwah
about the neck.
And he goes as far as to say,
when he arrives in the last days,
you better listen to what he has to
say because it's your only hope for
salvation.
When there's an entire chapter of
Yashayah, the great prophet, the eleven,
devoted entirely to the Choter.
When there is a mashal, a proverb,
devoted and it's entirely to the Choter.
And that person's arrival and what they
will say and what they will write and
how God inspired them.
And no one's looking for him.
What's wrong with you?
Why is your head up your tuchus?
God speaks of bringing back his Edah.
You don't even know who they are.
You don't know when they're going to
arrive.
You don't know what they're going to say.
Why?
Because you're not listening.
Because you're not part of this covenant.
Why?
Because you're not responsive.
They don't even know Yahowah's name.
That isn't true of the
family that has gathered around these
words, who has read these books,
who's gone to YadaYah.com and read through
most or all of them and who listens
to these thousands of hours of programming
and teaching.
But it is for all but one in
a million, it's true.
As a result of your name, Yahowah,
That is not your name, Lord.
It's not your name, God.
It's not your name, Hashem.
It's not your name, Jesus.
It ain't your name, Allah.
As a result of your name, your Shem,
Yahowah.
What's so hard about that?
Why did Christians and Jews and Muslims
feel at liberty to write Yahowah's name out
of their religious texts?
What gives them the nerve to do that?
It says, as a result of your name,
Yahowah.
You want to be part of the covenant?
You want to be responsive to Yahowah's
instructions?
As a result of your name, Yahowah.
You will genuinely choose to completely
forgive.
Salah.
My rebellious guilt, which is great.
Boy, was it ever.
It is only as a result of Yahowah's
name that salvation occurs.
Otherwise,
we die with our guilt and our soul
dissipates into nothingness unless you
were amongst those that decided that you
would take it upon yourself to promote
your religious or political ideals.
And then you can spend an eternity in
Sheowl,
separated from the rest of us in that
black hole.
Hey, you'll get to find our guilt.
It's there, it won't do you any good,
but it's there along with your soul
forevermore.
It's Yahowah's name.
You have to know more than Yahowah's name,
but that's a start.
If you don't know Yahowah's name,
you haven't even started.
Hence,
whatever individual respects and reveres
Yahowah,
He will teach and guide him in the
way he should choose.
We have free will.
We do.
However,
God's not going to approach to teach or
to guide anyone who does not start with
a respect and reverence for Yahowah's name.
And if you're one of those people,
we don't know how to pronounce it.
It's sacrilegious to say it.
You're pronouncing it wrong.
What gives you the right to say it
should be pronounced this way versus some
other way?
I didn't have my head up my tuchus.
I read what God said.
Yahowah, when he approached Moshe,
told him first and foremost that his name
was based on the verb hayah.
There are four letters in Yahowah's name,
two of which are repeated.
And of those three letters,
two of them are in Hayah.
Hayah is a verb.
It means exist.
Was, is, will be.
It was written in first person, I am.
I was, I am, I will be.
It was written around Yahowah.
My favorite of all Hebrew words, Asher.
For the benefit of the relationship,
to show the way to get the most
out of life, Asher.
It's Yhaya, Asher, Yhaya.
So with Hayah,
you know how to pronounce the Yod and
the Hey, don't you?
Yep.
No question about it.
No question.
What book did Yahowah reveal his name to
Moshe in?
In the beginning.
In the Towrah.
How do we pronounce,
where do we get the O sound in
Towrah?
That would be the wah.
The wah.
That's the only letter that's not in
Hayah.
It's the wah.
Look at Towrah.
You think that nobody knows how to
pronounce Towrah?
Or are you just fooled by the religious
because they take the wah out of it
and write it as if it doesn't have
a wah?
I'm here to tell you that Yahowah spelled
Towrah one hundred percent of the time.
With a wah.
And that's how you get the O sound.
And if you don't like that one,
what about how do Jews greet themselves?
How are they?
Yeah.
And how long have they said that?
Thousands of years.
Shalowm.
Where do you think the O sound comes
from in Shalowm?
The wah.
So with Shalowm, with Towrah, and with,
by the way,
with about a thousand other Hebrew words,
and with Hayah,
and with about a thousand other Hebrew
words,
the pronunciation of Yahowah is
straightforward.
It is irrefutable.
The Yod, the He,
and the Wah are all vowels.
All of them.
There are five vowels and seventeen
consonants in the Hebrew alphabet.
We even get the word alphabet from the
first two letters in the Hebrew alphabet,
Aleph and Beyth.
It isn't difficult.
The reason it isn't known is because the
religious don't want it known.
Because if it is known,
Christianity evaporates.
Because God's name isn't Jesus.
It isn't Christ.
It isn't Lord.
Judaism goes bye-bye because God's name
isn't Hashem, it's not G-D, it's not Lord,
it's Yahowah.
And that means they lied about the most
fundamental of all truths.
And so the rabbis can't be trusted.
And of course,
Islam goes poop for a thousand other
reasons, but God's name's not Allah,
it's Yahowah.
Hence,
whatever individual respects and reveres
Yahowah,
Yahowah will teach him and guide him in
the way he should choose Basar.
Basar is used,
Yahowah uses it to describe Dowd as his
chosen one.
Basar expresses free will.
You have a choice.
You can respect and revere Yahowah and he
will teach you or you can choose not
to.
And once you are receptive to Yahowah's
individual teaching based upon recognizing
and respecting and revering Yahowah's name,
then you can choose whether or not you
want to accept his way or not.
God's got a way.
He has a way.
He has a covenant.
He has a Towrah.
He ain't changing any of it for you.
You can either accept his way or go
bye-bye.
Choice is yours.
But you don't have the choice to do
what Paul did,
which is to condemn God's way and to
replace it.
You don't have a choice to do what
Rabbi Akiba did,
which is the exact same thing.
You don't have the choice to do what
Muhammad did.
Oh, you got the choice, all right.
But you have the consequence,
which is an eternity in hell, Sheowl.
Or you can simply choose Yahowah's way once
you've come to respect and revere his name
and you have capitalized on the teaching
and guidance he has provided.
What do you think is the verb that
was used here to address teaching and
guidance?
Would it be that Yarah word again?
Yep, just maybe.
It is.
So therefore, Towrah,
which is based upon Yarah, couldn't be law,
could it?
None.
How many Hebrew words are there for obey
if there was a law?
None.
None would be the answer.
When you see obey in your Bible
translation,
they're corrupting the meaning of shama,
which means to listen.
His soul...
in the most favorable, pleasing,
and festive circumstances will dwell and
endure,
and his descendants will inherit the
realm.
Mizmowr
twenty-five, thirteen.
So, what matters, your body or your soul?
Your soul.
That's all that matters.
God's never going to save your body.
If you really love your body,
you're in trouble because it's never going
to be saved.
God can't do anything with you while you
have a body.
He can equip and teach your soul so
that your soul can be transformed into
radiant energy and light and be empowered
and enriched and enabled in that way.
But your body is meaningless.
It's your soul is the only thing that
counts.
So your soul in the most favorable,
pleasing, and festive circumstances.
That's that word towb again.
You know,
it's not hard to come to understand the
words when you know what the word means.
Nepesh ba towb.
Soul in favorable circumstances will dwell
and endure.
And his descendants.
Ah, you see, it is zera'.
Will inherit.
yaras means to inherit.
'erets.
The realm.
material realm, the world, the earth.
Now,
this is interesting because what God has
to say here is that we're coming full
circle.
Eden, the Gan Eden,
was a microcosm of the planet Earth,
which is a protective enclosure conducive
to life.
And when God caused the fall of man
so that we would then have the opportunity
to demonstrate that we could be trusted,
that we would listen to him,
respond to him,
and then become reliable with him,
that God...
is reopening Eden,
he's gonna get rid of all the religious
and all the political and all the
militaristic and all the conspiratorial
and all the anti-Semite,
gonna get rid of all of it.
And then he is going to allow us
back into Eden of a thousand years where
all of those who have not already become
covenant have the opportunity to inherit
the entire earth,
the entire planet is gonna be depopulated
by a lot.
It's only about one in a million people
that are going to avail themselves of
this.
And then during that time,
we have the opportunity to teach you how
to respond properly to God.
And you're going to inherit the realm,
the material realm.
And ultimately,
we inherit all of the material realm,
which would be the entire universe,
all six dimensions of it.
A very close and intimate fellowship with
Yahowah is certain
for those who respect and revere his
covenant.
And he makes known to him, Yahowah.
So God is offering a close and intimate
relationship.
And it is certain for those who revere
and respect Yahowah.
such that you listen to what he has
to say.
If you respect him,
you're going to listen to what he has
to say.
If you respect him,
you're going to respect his name.
you're going to closely examine and
carefully consider his Towrah instructions
and
the insights that he has provided through
his prophets.
And you're going to respond accordingly.
That's what's going to happen.
And if you do those things,
it's going to lead you directly to his
covenant, Beryth,
where you become part of his family.
All things that Yahowah makes known via
Yada.
Yada, Yada, Yada.
That is God's messenger at the moment,
Mizmowr Song.
and I shared all the way through fourteen.
We have lots more to consider and we
will in our next program.
I love sharing the word of our God.
I love sharing Yahowah's name.
I love anytime there is an expression of
the importance of the Beryth,
the covenant relationship that God has
established for us and has invited us to
participate in.
Anytime there is a discussion on Towrah,
God's instructions and guidance,
We are all in and enthusiastic.
So while this is appalling twistianity,
sometimes what we do is we go to
the very word of God so we can
show the difference between God's teaching
and guidance and Paul's religious rubbish.
So I hope you enjoyed today's program.
I thank you for listening.